fix: do not collapse internal $ref chains when bundling (#2953)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/moody-radios-serve.md

---
'@redocly/openapi-core': patch
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

> Fixed an issue where the `bundle` command rewrote internal `$ref`s pointing to other `$ref`s, which made AsyncAPI 3 operation `messages` refs point to `components` instead of channel messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `bundle` command rewrote internal `$ref`s pointing to other `$ref`s.
The issue caused AsyncAPI 3 operation `messages` references to point to `components` instead of channel messages.
```

---
'@redocly/openapi-core': patch
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

Fixed an issue where the `bundle` command rewrote internal `$ref`s pointing to other `$ref`s.

> The issue caused AsyncAPI 3 operation `messages` references to point to `components` instead of channel messages.

Reviewer 2: @vadyvas 
Not a part of this PR, but does it make sense to have some validation rule for AsyncAPI?

Author: good idea, i'll do it in a separate PR
